Fix plugin cache variable name (#2988)
HDFGroup/hdf5: release_docs/INSTALL_CMake.txt

            ZLIB_TGZ_ORIGPATH:STRING="some_location"

            HDF5_ALLOW_EXTERNAL_SUPPORT:STRING="TGZ"

>          where "some_location" is the URLand by setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         where "some_location" is the URL and by setting
```
